go for the kill
a cleaned-up double gilbert boy boy
all right what's up guys so I am playing
Lee sin today for my fourth episode of
taking into the top lane sponsored by
Alienware let's just jump right into
runes and masteries and I'll start
explaining a little bit about Lee sins
kit it's on Lee sin
I love to run flat 80 reds and quints to
give me a powerful of early game as
possible so we can go for kills play
really aggressive and just make things
happen
I take armor yellows because they're
pretty much the best feels you can take
right now and mr blues especially
against that team nunu Kevin lissandra
fiddlesticks you gotta have those on our
blues if you want to survive and my
masteries I'm actually gonna go for
heavily offensive expect to maximize my
early game kill potential on Lee sin I
love to play aggressive right from the
get-go right when I walked in Lane I
showed them who's boss
I make plays so having as much physical
damage as possible by expecting heavily
into the offensive tree is gonna
facilitate that specifically I'm gonna
take summoners wrath for ignite I'm
gonna pick up four points in fury four
points in sorcery for the attack speed
one point in destruction because Lee sin
can be a very potent split pusher late
game and that 5% damage to turrets
actually really helps out four points in
deadliness for the scaling ad Leeson's
abilities all scale off of physical
damage so you can get really strong with
that one point Western weapon expertise
for the armor penetration just helps
next minor damage potential two points
in brute force with a bonus damage like
I said these skills armor pen again an
executioner really soon as I was with
his Q you can deal crippling blows to
little health targets and just finish
them off and then nine points in
defendants treat picking up two points
in hardiness two points in resistance
and one point reference scars I would
probably go for this item is eight rune
the mastery of age in most matchups if I
was very worried about the lane I don't
think I can get kills early then I
probably would go for more defensive
oriented spec with 921 but this game I
think I'm against cannon or lissandra
both a pretty tough matchups lissandra
in particular is very good against melee
champions and cannon again this highest
field matchup so I I think I'm probably
against cannon it should be an exciting
Lane and let's see how it goes so listen
for those who are not familiar is
a high DPS mobile melee 8 champion you
can build in many ways he has rosin up
in popularity recently for being a
jungler because people can make plays
with an early game which is where he
really shines and just dominate around
the map and helps snowball your team to
an early lead but he has many other uses
as well
he's a potent solo laner for a time he
was actually one of the best top laners
he got nerve repeatedly and then some
people like Frogger and brought him back
to mid lane so Leeson just always
manages to sneak his head back into the
competitive play no matter what they do
to him and right now he's a pretty
popular pick especially in the Korean
scene so we can make him work for sure
in top lane as well so quickly go really
Sims abilities Leeson's passive every
time you use a spell your next two basic
attacks gives you a bonus attack speed
boost and you get bonus energy so really
this passive you want to be able to
chain your combos every time you use a
spell and try get two hits off and then
use your next belt to keep that thing
going sonic wave like you guys probably
know skill shot high-risk high-reward if
you land that you can get massive damage
off and you can activate it twice to
reengage
onto your target if they disengage from
you the cool thing about resonating
strike is that it deals increased damage
based on your targets missing health so
the lower they are the higher that
easier it is for you to get burst off
and potentially kill them safeguard is W
it basically allows you to jump a short
distance or put a self shield on
yourself and just get to really anywhere
in the range over that you want to get
to you so you can use this for a number
of plays you can need Ward hop so you
can jump to an ally save them with the
shield level one it gives 40 but it
scales up to I believe 200 and if you
use iron wheel you can get a bonus
lifesteal in spell vamp I remember more
but they actually remove that
functionality a while back but still an
amazing ability and then tempest /
cripple Lee sin basically does a little
a leap ground slam around his feet you
can see the range right here deals magic
damage it's scaled off of AD however and
it reveals any enemies hit for the next
four seconds and if you reactivate
tempest and you get the cripple off then
all the targets that you've hit by that
spell will be
slowed and their tax people also be
reduced right now it's 20% but it scales
up as you put additional levels into it
and the movement speed and attack speed
reduction recover over the duration so
at the beginning it's gonna be flat 3%
it's gonna go to like 1917 1510 and
until it eventually fades out after the
two seconds are over so I believe I'm
laying against ket in this game I
started with I started with a region
region
Riju bead five health pots and award
after the item changes this is probably
one of the best and safest starts with
Lee sin because you can still afford
award kenan is a champion that you could
definitely get away with going cloth
armor against but they have new new
jungle who can is very crippling if he
can gain cleats in so i definitely want
to get a word out so i could be safe for
the first three minutes of the game and
hopefully not die so we actually have
kobe in the game using me starting blue
I think I'm just gonna start cute and
try again in a big lead
should we're going to tank it a little
going top I left a little bit late i
might miss my like creepy XP which could
potentially put me behind cannon heinie
XP let's see yeah I miss one big creep
that's gonna be fine though
I can definitely recover it's not the
end of the world so it Kenan you start
cloth v to health pots and this is
something to note if your enemy comes
into lane with the two health pots and a
cloth armor then you can safely assume
they start with the ward as well he
probably already placed his ward when he
walked into lane so I'm gonna guess
that's about gonna be around a five
minute fade time on the ward assuming he
placed it shortly after creeps spawn
because when I saw him for the first
time he didn't have an inventory and she
walked up get the creeps
I have all 80 reds and quints so it's
very easy for me to last hit
kennen you got Q and W levels went into
so he's got some nice long range poke
wanna be smart and hopefully avoid that
I'm just lasting for a range right now
fairly game I am quite strong but ken
has a big creep life built up here and
haven't caught armor so he's on me
reducing my damage potential due to that
bonus armor that he has and really I'm
just focused on getting all these creeps
and trying to farm out once I level
three I can probably look for Q and
hopefully all in him but I'm gonna wait
a little bit for that I'm gonna take a
little bit harass cuz I just popped a
health putt and it's right now taking
into my RT max tells pool so that the
help I she didn't do much for me I slept
for left though and Kenan is at two so
if I can make a play on him now I have
all three of my abilities then I could
definitely start with her again to that
health the health pool and maybe look to
make more aggressively
so I hit him with money II got some
creeps off that to take you head and
back off he has two son rocks off on me
right now I hit the key I could have
gone back in for additional like 50
damage or so but I wanted to be careful
about that because if I got Sun in a
turret after IQ back in then I could
have taken massive damage and
potentially have to blow flash are you
up my lead so I got Mac I got rank 2e
right now the beauty of Lee sin is
fighting the beauty of Lee sin is that
you can really max whatever you want on
him his Q his W and his E all get really
powerful as the game drags on got a nice
damage off there but I need it like to
morado supposed to ignite to kill him I
ignite does 130 right now so I don't
want to dive in the turret unless I have
a sure kill so right now I think when I
max II the reason for this is because it
deals magic damage first of all and
kennen has built a cloth armor to start
the game off with so his armor values
are a bit higher than they normally
would be
and additionally early game cannon
generally built some damage in the form
of like a Doran's weight or something
so getting that reduced attack speed
from tempest / cripple can actually help
me win matchup trades very very easily
right now we do is heading top I believe
cannons were dissuaded so this could
easily be a gig
that's the key Goff too soon I don't
think it should have gone for his double
golems I think he honestly could I just
went it for top and got a kill
that's why I thought he was going for
but he backed out he's moving now
Ken's playing at a flash
get the kill and flash I should be fine
I don't have Exene we just recalling
that brush so I have a little bit of
room to push up a wave and I just got a
little 6 off that it's on the back here
and go back to buy I picked up a kill
off of a really nice to be drank who
tears red just faded after I'd made that
play so that was good timing and right
now I think I'm gonna pick up let's see
okay I'm gonna get hexdrinker a few
health pots and award and I'm just gonna
run top and get back to me ASAP so I
miss out on his little creatures
possible jacketdave Misha ranked top to
minimize the impact that backing will do
it I have 42 so yes right now and can
only ask 22 so already I'm WCS I picked
up a kill and I'm level 6 where as he's
walking back to Lane and he still has
yet to hit level 5 are level 6 so I'm
gonna get here soon the career was
actually pushing towards him so I have
to be a little bit careful but I am just
gonna push it up to his turret and make
sure it resets and then I'll have
opportunities to make plays on him the
reason I got hexdrinker you guys might
be wondering is because their team is so
heavy on my hike damage and I had enough
coal to straight up by hexdrinker
outright and hexdrinker is a really
really powerful item on champions at
scale of AD and that need mr itemization
so right now Kennan lissandra and nunu
and beerus probably one that's probably
the heaviest sematic damages in comps
I've had to play against in a while so
getting hexdrinker early is really gonna
help me out it's gonna make me more
powerful and Lenny ones against Kenan
and it's gonna allow me to just have
that shield to fall back on I'm if you
fall below 30% health of course
ex-ranger gives you a 250 magic damage
shield that the earlier you get
hexdrinker the better because the
shields doesn't really scale into
late-game
I mean 250 health right now is huge it's
about 1/4 my health pool when I have a
thousand health but when I have like 3k
health at 18 at level 18 then it's gonna
matter a lot less
got some free damage off little miss out
on this wave and I got all the groups
it's good
I'm my alt available cannon is six as
well I'm almost low seven I think once I
hit seven I'm gonna try to make a play
with my ultimate
pushing up he hasn't no health fucks
left if I can get it if I can get a QR Q
combo off Dan he'll die
let's see try and blow his alt try to
beat it out also clearly no creeper with
my either I'm probably help but he's
really really low no neither is his
flash
I said oh my god
Shay kept chasing
backyard
in 1910 Matthew
ha I tried to do this Fagor recall I
said back off
ignite up soon
because Devils and I'm back I don't know
who could potentially coming cough and
came back a long time ago so I just cute
the cat in there instead of letting my
cue range then I would have had to kill
because I could just alt for the one
shot but I was I was being a little bit
silly and I let him run out of the range
but nuna came he tried to make it an
aggressive play it's inside hexdrinker I
had a very high effective HP pool to
fall back on and I'm just gonna pick up
double buffs off that and run right back
top my doubles are gonna last for quite
a bit I don't have buff duration mastery
so it's not gonna it's not gonna stay
forever it's not gonna be like it as if
I was a mid laner or a jungler or
something but I'm gonna have it for long
enough to pressure cannon in hopefully
Kent's pushing really up really hard he
just used his e which means his gap
closer slash disengages down for a
little bit I'm gonna cue the crease I
can't get on my clear to play
he's backing off just gonna drop word
here I could actually got him extra ward
to try to make plays with save garden
because I had plenty of playing a gold
but I just picked why not
I'm Kenan chucking him up continue
something to Maxine to max rank and
training up I was a little hot arranged
their believe his ultimate is available
most members will be coming from getting
he up I just want to do that and backed
off and since I have a vamp scepter and
it Nate's the same from iw I can
actually afford to take some turret
aggro or harass just try to get some
damage off on him so I just pushed to
lave up I'm gonna high in this brush and
see if he walks in or something
he's eating he definitely wants it back
here let's see if he actually did goes
for a duck no I think he wants to stay
when people hover around like that and
no Amelia back that usually means they
want to stay he's talking to queue this
brush just scout
we're going let's take her to the word
and my Ulta he's quiet
my name is my flash for it don't wanna
let me back up
oh my god I got jig sword and he's gone
wait I'll leave oh my god
I shoulda Saltine in there I was trying
to hold it because I thought he was
waiting for reinforcements but my team
is pretty much just keeping their whole
team busy so I just I'll comment in
there I wouldn't been fine but he
flashed my cue my flash was available
but after my cue is now I wouldn't be
able to get in range of him and he got a
really nice Juke off there I can't say
expecting him to go that way but I
thought I would get vision of him
because I like ran in the brush but he
was already he was already on the left
side of mid so I'm just gonna push this
up keep going - no I'm still doing
really really well Canon is 58 CS I'm
pretty much doubling it so I pretty much
have shut him down for getting a decent
farm I'm just gonna go back behind this
turret and kill the creep wave
Kanon just wants the fire I think
and yes flash was announced I just went
for the kill use my alt into the the
wall to basically disable him for a
short duration shit
fine gotta make a break for it
I'm on the run I'm on the run I'm gonna
recall here that's why if I see him I
can see him coming and suicide to a
turret I think they're closing on me
please
oh I got away all right that's cool
okay so now I got my van scepter their
team has so much CC I'm just gonna stir
I pick up my dad's here there's really
no excuse not to get to earth
that's nasty and I'm are from market
right it's gonna be really really
getting on 13 table - Sondra Ken and
nunu varus fiddlesticks five hearts you
cease well essentially fire cease tons
of slows and tons of magic damage Merc
treads are gonna be loving to be even
more mobile and it's gonna be much
harder for them to lock me down I have
two words now so I can place the word in
lane for safety and I can also have a
word to try to make it cool cool combo
play with I don't think anyone is
helping them everyone's everyone's
preoccupied mid right now just wave up
I'm almost all of an eye-level oven I'm
gonna get right to it my ultimate and
that's gonna be a pretty big power spike
in terms of my damage potential I'm
altering points between Q and W right
now I was maxing W second just because
it's much more safe
and multi-use pickup but I started back
some key once I started snowballing
really hard because I can I know I can
carry this game and the more damage I
get from queue the better I'll be able
to burst people biking landing on Kennon
and ideal to Briscoe nothing actually
frightening aw though I'm allowing the
creep wave to walk up to him
and I need to Otto's he's backing on we
trade off for out there wasn't that bad
I have sustained so I can stay a little
bit but I think you like having top I'm
Krista Layla and go back to this blue
tears moving top right now kinda has no
flash or alt I believe his flash
potentially could be are off cooldown
but I kind of
backing off from the new news really
thank you right now it's gonna be hard
to count especially since he's in range
to consume the creeps from one store
room top
I guess we're diving the new news
get out awesome great job team those are
really good room for humble anybody here
we just took down their jungler I picked
about red buff off for that which is
gonna be huge for me and now I could
continue working on my next item I need
a little bit gold a little more gold for
a ravenous Hydra shoot so I picked up
hexdrinker already like I said my
defensive mr such ad pick up and now as
you can see I've been working on my
scepter and I was actually gonna go for
a team ah into a ravenous Hydra
combination and I really like this item
one decent because you get some a ton of
physical damage a bunch of life steel
that can also scale well with and you
have the active which is on 10 second
cooldown and it essentially allows you
to push up waves almost instantly like
one tempest + TM on cooldown will just
destroy any creep and they say to the
game can just use this e mistake
and so he used his disengaged to farm
the free play and he did not suspect me
to be that close but since I was I was
able to WG trichrome creeps landok you
and blow up with a QR ignite Samba QR
ignite Q combo and the reason I did QR q
I mean I could've killed him anyways
because I had red buff and he was fairly
low to begin with but the reason I do QR
q is because like I said my resonating
strike for my q ii activation of it does
additional damage the lower your target
is like right now i didn't once 96 to
the creep it didn't I didn't 190 when he
was like below half health so if you
drop your ol after you drop the Q and
then you can re-engage on to your target
and he's let me lower a lower health
percentage than he was before and that's
gonna allow you to get maximum damage
potential off and in close fights every
every point of damage just is gonna be
important I have 2000 gold right now I
actually have enough to straight up I'm
around a Hydra so I'm just going to go
back to base and pick that up
I'm cannons here right now he's pushing
up he's going a little bit of farm but
he's actually effectively denied out of
the game he's Oh three of 79 CS I have
141 CS and he's pretty much like he's
nothing right now
it's fortunate at 13 however my team is
pretty even I'd say wildlands a little
behind that rumbles doing very well he's
pretty much on par with me I'm not sure
where they could be going they're
pressuring mid right now my alt is
available lissandra
might have hers I'm gonna move
new news making a break for it they
might try to fight us here
going on in here
yeah shoot I got the double um my all
actually instantly jib I believe the
fiddlesticks
so I wasn't able to get the knock up
they were pretty lined up I think I
could hit at least two or three people
with the knock up but he just died
instantly to the 644 damage my health us
that teammates still went well
Mike you actually hit the blue buff so
it was I wasn't able to close on to
lissandra and Jeb here like I gave her
like I had hoped to but it still went
pretty pretty decently notice I used my
ravenous Hydra on cooldown every time I
didn't flash at the end there I had my
pecs finger active up and I popped to
safeguard on myself but since actually
her only defends you against magic
damage and Barris has blazer and king bt
r BF sword and a pickaxe he actually did
quite a bit and broke two yet very
easily he basically ignored the
hexdrinker shield and just hit my true
health pool which was like under 100 i
think so i died to that but we traded
two for for i believe so that was really
really good and it's just gonna help
snowball or lead i got a pickaxe now
every additional point eighty i get will
also amplify the damage that my ravenous
hydra paso and active components deal so
that's gonna that's gonna be good in
that regard
additionally I think I'm gonna go for a
last whisper next because I don't really
have much armor fan I went for eighty
runes I bought a hex rancor and I got a
ravenous Hydra this is a very very like
melee carry oriented build it's pretty
much very like super light on defense
but if I get the right items I can blow
anyone up
moving to help she's compromised our
spot
trying to save them no I'm gonna kill
him
going for Nia and no words
style points got them all right
pushing up top right now so let's see
here
so listen in top lane is quite good
against champions that scale off of
attack speed
irelia however is an exception to the
rule irelia generally does quite well
against champions like Lee sin just
because her tree damage will go through
it I mean it's a very high skill matchup
but I think like Lee sin can do very
well against rengar kha'zix can and even
ad carry's Zed anyone that really builds
ad or tries to sag attack speed or
physical damage and you have you have a
lot of room to outplay them champions
he's not as amazing against our range
champions in lane because if they play
intelligently and they're aware of the
potential Leeson's kit and it's actually
pretty difficult to get harassment off
secure baron but if you're a master Lee
sin you know playing very well then he
can actually keep playing into almost
any matchup because you can like you can
basically build up in so many ways you
can get early armor in mr max W just go
for like very farm oriented lane if
you're having a hard time or you can
just build like max key or something
against Rumble isolate him and just like
secure those skills or like you saw this
Lane Kenan was building armor he got
caught her more so you can arm guard and
I knew I got a plan
once he once I got a cripple off so I
max tempest / cripple to
limit his mobility and maximizing my
damage potential to a target who is
building armor so I got my last whisper
now I'm that's gonna penetrate for 35%
of the enemy's armor they don't have
that much armor I mean they have secret
line where they're buying on both
champions and they have a bulwark but
lastest were still pretty dang efficient
even on targets with relatively low
armor values just because of how good an
item it is they're like that right now
anyone on their team that I get on I can
just chip and if I can kill anyone on
their team that they're not going able
to stop me from still pushing just
instantly clear the wave it's my II
Hydra combo and running into this brush
I think Faris is heading tops or hide
here for a little actually I'm just
gonna fish took
so they're gonna have to respond to me
here or else I'm gonna get a free and
him turret I can't stop your kids
hourglass
I know word this and they might be
moving on me actually I'm gonna move on
now
on to the next one
alright gonna live stay off the wave now
decided we're giving me a ton of life
steel and I actually just hit level 16
mine no you saw the my all animation
it's too long
I think take this turret however I don't
have to tank it careful
Edie good work all right so we killed
their team we got an ace but two people
will just respond recently you should be
able to get it without this and they
transition to bots and keep pressuring I
hit the key of going ham
WH out of the new-new yeah oh no I'm
fine
I tried to cue the the barrister but
knee actually body blocked and I hit an
you know I could have potentially gone
and I was a little better energy there
though but I didn't really want to risk
it just gonna go back take these rates
go back to face and by the game should
be secured I'm gonna tap away this thing
I want to push that out and then go back
have two points UK gold right now I'm
probably only pick up something
defensive oriented which is a bit unlike
me but I want to set a good example too
big damage items and a head shrinker are
generally enough to carry you through a
lot of the game one of the problems with
Lisa in late-game is that it takes a lot
of time to do his abilities and if you
build pure glass cannon then typically
when people hit six item like the ad
gets fed everyone in their team gets
huge then you're gonna start having
problems ending out this group secure
kills and stuff just because like right
now everyone the team is so squishy they
had like one item two items I'm still
belong in the game out of control I can
just like do whatever I wanted team
fights but if for some reason I wasn't
was fed and their team was more in tune
with the game they weren't so behind and
the Bears could easily are the virus
could easily kill me under CC so I just
wanna be a little bit careful about that
so I picked about GA right now GA is
basically gonna allow me to do whatever
I want I'm sure I kill this ward
No
and I can get in a teamfight do as much
damage as possible try to kill multiple
targets and then just go on my merry
merry day I think this guy should be
dead
- man Tanaka keep going q and one
getting to reason
my energy back get the kill off that and
so push this up use my TMI
take that cannon creep I think we might
be able to end here I'm not sure let's
see it take him out oh no I'm thinking
last-ditch effort to save the game let's
see if it'll work
nope he goes down - bada bing bada boom
that's how we do it taking this taking
these boys out but should be game here
13 1 7 very commanding performance on
Lee sin Rumble as well played extremely
well for the most part I think the game
was won because we were just struggled
really fast and you started pressuring
the mat botlane had some difficulty if
you notice earlier or if you notice
right now there is actually 10 5 and 5
despite his team everyone else on the
team just dying so many times so you
couldn't tell that that's a score that
comes as a result of them being ahead
early and him just trying to keep his
team in the game
but we made a lot of good play stop the
first game from leer which allowed me to
pick up a kill on room on can't actually
actually secure the game for us because
after that I got a heck drinker I came
back top and I just started pushing up I
had a free kill on the cannon but I let
him walk slightly out of my Q range and
noona came pop to try to gank me and
then I got a double whoops from that and
that put me really really far ahead I
used a double s to make plays and I just
kept cementing our lead I went 13 1 7
and made some made some nice moves on
Lee sin in my opinion I think the cannon
could have played the lane better he
wasn't really at picking a manager of
his it was range like even early game it
was kind of weird because I basically
would just walk up for CS and stuff I
was playing very passively and he was
just sitting back and letting me let me
farm and reached level that I needed to
make plays on him so in my opinion that
could have been a little bit better but
overall just a good game from our team
so
yep Leeson is one of my favorite
champions I've been playing him for
years he can be played in the jungle top
mid lane even potentially support or as
a as a bot Lane carry if you have the
right setup so he's just a very
versatile champion he's been he's gone
through like so many nurse and buffs but
he's still at the end of the day I solid
a solid champion
and if you think if you like like how I
play them if you think you would have
fun playing him then I suggest you pick
him up because I remember when I first
played Lee sin like I was like this is
my champion like I love this guy and I
just played the heck out of him for so
long and I got the level where I am
today so guys this has been taking it to
the top plane sponsored by alien where
they are an amazing sponsor of ours they
give us computers we all use the
internet so I stream rafa and they work
fantastically so you can check out their
website to get product info and
potentially get in on that and then you
can also check out Alienware arena comm
they have contests guys it's just so
much content on here and if you want to
get in on the action and game victorious
with Ellen where then you can check out
either mmm calm and play with the pros
so thank you guys so much for watching
this has been taking a top plane episode
for sponsored by L anywhere and I will
see you guys all next time bye bye